add gitlab integration blog post (#332)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/gitlab-adds-code-navigation-and-code-intelligence-by-sourcegraph.md

---
title: GitLab adds code navigation and code intelligence by Sourcegraph
author: Christina Forney
publishDate: 2019-11-12T10:00-07:00
tags: [
  blog
]
slug: gitlab-adds-code-navigation-and-code-intelligence-by-sourcegraph
heroImage: https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/gitlab-integration-symbols-preview-dark.jpg
published: true
---
<p style="text-align: center">
  <img src="images/gitlab-integration-banner-dark.jpg" />
</p>

**"Every single developer that used Sourcegraph and talked to me about it loved the product. Every code product must have intelligent navigation."** - [Sid Sijbrandij, GitLab CEO](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18118924)
<br>
<br>

> Over 100,000 organizations use GitLab to manage their DevOps lifecycle. Today GitLab announced a collaboration with Sourcegraph to make code navigation and code intelligence available to all GitLab users, integrated seamlessly in the GitLab developer workflow and user interface.

Reviewer: Can we update this to link to their blog post when it goes live?

Author: Ok!

## Developers need code navigation and code intelligence 

Developers have always relied on go-to-definition and find-references functionality in the editor. Development becomes more collaborative and complex, and developers spend more hours per day reading and reviewing code on their code host. GitLab realized that these code navigation and code intelligence features are essential to have in the code host and at code review, not just in the editor. 

> Sourcegraph provides these much-loved, much-used features at scale for all code organization-wide—across repositories and for all popular programming languages and code hosts. The world's most elite technology companies rely on Sourcegraph, including Lyft, Uber, Yelp, Convoy, SoFi, and Quantcast.

Reviewer: >The world's most elite technology companies

Do we use this phrasing? Or does elite refer to the teams or processes?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph provides these much-loved, much-used features at scale for all code organization-wide—across repositories and for all popular programming languages and code hosts. The world's most elite development teams rely on Sourcegraph, including Lyft, Uber, Yelp, Convoy, SoFi, and Quantcast.
```

The browser extension still exists and supports GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket server, Phabricator, etc. This new integration just makes it so all GitLab users can get code navigation and code intelligence on GitLab without needing to install anything.

**When will other code hosts get this treatment?**
<br>
Code navigation and code intelligence are essential, so we are working with [other major code hosts](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration) to incorporate these features using [open standards](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration).

**How does this work for public and private code?** 
<br>
Soon all public code on GitLab.com will have Sourcegraph code navigation and code intelligence (for users who opt-in). Users of private code on GitLab.com or of self-managed GitLab instances can opt-in and configure GitLab to point to a self-managed Sourcegraph instance.

**What languages does this support?**
<br>
The integration supports the [25 most used programming languages](https://sourcegraph.com/extensions?query=category%3A%22Programming+languages%22):<br>

> Clojure<br>

Reviewer 2: This needs to be an unordered list.

Ideally, we use the images from the [Sourcegraph language extensions list](https://sourcegraph.com/extensions?query=category%3A%22Programming+languages%22) and display them as tiles to make this more visually appealing.

Author: @ryan-blunden If we only use images it defeats the purpose of SEO. Should I switch this file to a `tsx` file since `md` is a bit restrictive with lists?

Reviewer 2: I don't think the languages in and of themselves will add significant SEO value here, but you could add the language text to a span with a class of "sr-only", or at least alt text to each image. Would just look a lot nicer.

> Should I switch this file to a tsx file since md is a bit restrictive with lists?

You just mark this up as a list using the `- ` syntax, and if you were going to do the language tiles, you can insert the raw HTML. It's great to strive to only use Markup syntax, but it's designed to be flexible by accepting HTML when needed.
